I guess I've already told you about my
condition funny every time I see you you
don't remember where you've been or what
you've just done I can't make new
memories everything just fades what's
the last thing you do remember my wife
that's sweet die you really want to get
this guy don't you my wife deserves
vengeance
[Applause]
somebody's gotta pay Lenny somebody
always pays you have to be very careful
you wander around playing detective
maybe you should start investigating
yourself this guy is so dangerous he's
gonna kill me who is he I think
someone's trying to get me to kill our
own guy you can question everything you
can never know anything for sure there
are things you know for sure you can't
trust it
even if you get revenge you're not gonna
remember it you're not even gonna know
that it happened who did this you you
did you don't know who you are
you